book list win 
1. reader to narrator 
2. move plot to the last field in the column select list 
3. new if my file has headers.. is check scan the 1st row to see if any of the columns that can
 be imported exist and set them automatically

export library 
1 put the column in the same order as the book list import but keep plot at end 
2 add a column Cover value Y or N  after files/tracks 
3 New after the export popup msg with nn books exported and the filters status e.g. With Plot, Read,

book detail 
1 deleted: if series is empty skip in view mode not in edit mode
2 the 1st book that opens and after save the title author stays on the status bar. remove that from the status bar 
3. the status bar should show sort order in view mode and perhaps the filters ?
4. the line that show when screen readers not active should it include filters with sort order 
5. hi zoom can't see entire window, add vert scroll 

web metadata 
1. on open focus set to plot not title 
2. hi zoom can't see entire window, add vert scroll 
3. hitting google limit immediately then I try another book and it works? review the process 
limit hit on "Arthur Conan Doyle’s Memories And Adventures" but "Black Beauty" works fine 
4. what about adding other sources like good read similar to what caliber does? 


main win 
1. after web fetch highlight om the book table cell is lost, scrn rdr ok 
2. rad date dialogue add OK button as some folks will click clear as it is the only button. If they click on don't prompt to save just do it
3. allow clear of both listing and want to read a book without selecting 
4. recently added date needs same fix as read date 

name list win 
1 add sorting name or book count- clicking on headers is fine but like main win but we likely need a control to switch.
2. edit mode if you hit it then try to exit msg popup occurs 

preference win 
1. change the zoom control to a Slider current one is hard to change at high zoom 
2. hi zoom can't see entire window, add vert scroll 

collection win 
1. remove blank lines between name and library root.. in the edit panel at the top
2. at high zoom table is only showing a little of the test in the 1st row of the table 

help win 
1. the f1 short cuts are following the zoom level of the app not that of the help win 

